S3 Implement Replication (#689)
localstack/localstack-docs: src/content/docs/aws/services/s3.mdx

S3 can store unlimited objects, allowing you to store, retrieve, and manage your data in a highly adaptable and reliable manner.

LocalStack allows you to use the S3 APIs in your local environment to create new buckets, manage your S3 objects, and test your S3 configurations locally.

> LocalStack also supports S3 Replication, allowing you to emulate cross-bucket, cross-region, and cross-account object replication in your local environment.

Reviewer: nit: this might be giving too much importance to the replication feature, I'd remove it from this top level part

## S3 Replication

S3 Replication allows you to automatically copy objects from a source bucket to one or more destination buckets.
Replication can occur within the same region or across regions, and across different accounts.

LocalStack supports the following replication configurations:

- **One-way replication**: Objects are replicated from a source bucket to a destination bucket. You can scope replication using prefix-based or tag-based filtering, and optionally override the storage class for objects written to the destination bucket.
- **Two-way replication**: Both buckets are configured as source and destination for each other, and replication is configured to work in both directions.

### IAM enforcement

LocalStack supports IAM enforcement for S3 replication.
IAM permissions are evaluated in the context of each replication task using the IAM engine directly, which mirrors how AWS itself handles replication permissions.

### Metadata replication

LocalStack supports replication of object metadata — specifically tags and Object Lock settings. Metadata replication operates in two modes:

> LocalStack supports replication of object metadata, specifically tags and Object Lock settings. Metadata replication operates in two modes:

Reviewer: note: there are 2 duplicate lines here

Reviewer 2: hey @blkgrlcto just 1 feedback left :)

However, LocalStack does not support the actual encryption and decryption of objects using SSE-C.

## S3 Replication

S3 Replication allows you to automatically copy objects from a source bucket to one or more destination buckets.

> Replication can occur within the same region or across regions, and across different account IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replication can occur within the same region or across regions, and across different accounts.
```

LocalStack supports the following replication configurations:

- **One-way replication**: Objects are replicated from a source bucket to a destination bucket. You can scope replication using prefix-based or tag-based filtering, and optionally override the storage class for objects written to the destination bucket.

> - **Two-way replication**: Both buckets are configured as source and destination for each other. LocalStack correctly handles this by tracking each object's `ReplicationStatus` and preventing `REPLICA` objects from being re-replicated in a loop.

Reviewer: note: I wouldn't add implementation specific details about how we handle certain things in the docs

### How replication works in LocalStack

LocalStack uses a scan-based replication mechanism.
A background worker scans buckets with at least one enabled replication rule approximately every second, then dispatches replication tasks for any objects that qualify.

> Because of this, replication is **eventually consistent** — there is a short delay between an object being written and it appearing in the destination bucket.

Reviewer: same here, I would delete this paragraph entirely 👍

### IAM enforcement

LocalStack enforces IAM permissions for S3 replication tasks using the IAM engine directly, which mirrors how AWS itself handles replication permissions.
Rather than enforcing permissions at the API level, LocalStack evaluates the required IAM actions in the context of each replication task — taking into account the object version, replication configuration, bucket context, and object tags.

LocalStack assumes the IAM role specified in your replication configuration and caches the result for subsequent tasks.
The cache is invalidated automatically if the replication configuration changes.

> If the assumed role does not have the required permissions for a given replication task, that replication will fail.

Reviewer: similar again here, I think we're giving too much info about the internals, I think a small sentence somewhere that we do support IAM enforcement would be enough

> ### Metadata replication

Reviewer: praise: this is really good 👍

- **Replica metadata synchronization**: When enabled on the destination bucket, metadata changes made directly to a replica are synced back to the source object. This applies only when two-way replication is configured. See [Replication for metadata changes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/replication-for-metadata-changes.html) in the AWS documentation for more details.

### ReplicationStatus

Replicated objects are assigned a `ReplicationStatus` field, which you can inspect with `GetObject` or `HeadObject`.
The possible values follow AWS semantics:

| Status | Meaning |
|---|---|
| `PENDING` | Replication has been queued but not yet completed |
| `COMPLETED` | Object was successfully replicated to the destination |
| `FAILED` | Replication could not be completed |
| `REPLICA` | This object is itself a copy created by replication |

:::note
The following replication features are not yet supported in LocalStack and will be available in a future release:

> - **IAM enforcement for tag-based filters**: IAM permission evaluation for replication rules that use tag-based filters is not yet fully supported.

Reviewer: sorry my explanation on the PR was not very good, but I would remove this sentence (the IAM for tag-based filters) because it does work. 

The current limitations are:
- explicitly denying `s3:ReplicateTags` will not cause the replication to be denied in LocalStack if the object has tags
- objects encrypted with customer provided KMS keys are by default not replicated in AWS, except if you configure it explicitly with https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/replication-config-for-kms-objects.html#replications. In LocalStack, even with the configuration, they are not replicated currently
